apply date range filter to transactions_per_protocol (#10533)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`-` Fix an issue where the buttons to refresh Gnosis Pay and Monerium events were always disabled initially.
* :bug:`10517` Morpho transactions that perform multiple actions in one go are now decoded properly.
* :feature:`-` Users will now be able to filter history events by location labels, including account addresses and exchange labels.

> * :bug:`-` Statistics wrap transactions by protocol will now properly respect the selected date range.

Reviewer: The "Wrap" word is a remnant from when we first introduced it

```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Analytics of transactions by protocol will now properly respect the selected date range.
```
